hello this is Mark Ferguson with invest
four more I'm standing outside rental
property number eleven I just purchased
this house yesterday and we're gonna go
take a look inside all right this is the
living room a little bit dated old fan
old carpet has laminate wood floors in
here kitchen cabinets are a little old
has a stove and refrigerator but there's
no dishwasher so I may see if it's
possible to put that one right there
I know if it will be or not we will see
okay back here are the bedrooms here is
the first bedroom with this beautiful
carpet and wallpaper this room has
hardwood on it and I believe the
hardwood actually goes out throughout
the house so I'm gonna try and refinish
those floors they actually turn this
into a laundry room so it wasn't a state
sale I'm guessing they didn't want to go
downstairs anymore for laundry and made
this into it we'll turn that back into a
bedroom here's the third bedroom
upstairs old windows hardwood floors
underneath the carpet again here is the
bathroom beautiful floors pink tub we'll
try and do a few things to make that
look a little better all right moving on
downstairs
and I purchased this home for a hundred
and nine thousand they listed it at
ninety four and had thirteen offers so
that's why I came in so high but I think
it'll rent for probably at least
fourteen hundred when I'm done there's a
little storage room there I just showed
you the furnace here's the family room
and there's a wood-burning stove in
there with the old chimney I don't think
I need a wood-burning stove and a rental
property bedroom back here Jesse can see
has some damage in the wall and then
another bathroom down here that needs
some help
toilets broken that shower is pretty old
and move back here there is another room
here but as you can see there's no
window so it cannot be a bedroom so this
is a four-bedroom two-bath house and it
also has a detached two-car garage in
the back which is a nice bonus feature
but I'll keep everyone updated on the
repairs and what it rents for thanks for
listening